hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the Asus GL
5:02 so this is their thin and light
gaming laptop we've seen thin and light
devices from Asus before but this is the
first one that's had a gtx 970m a more
powerful graphics card starts at $1,400
let's take a look so the top surface is
a black brushed aluminum with the ROG
logo but this time instead of the ultra
common red coloring it's a bright orange
it's not obnoxious or anything because
it's only an accent color but it does
have some pop to it at least more than
the red does now when you turn the
laptop on the accent lights up as well
the bottom surface is a reinforced
plastic with some bright orange feet and
if you remove some screws you can take a
look inside and you'll see 16 gigs of
ram 8 of which are soldered on and eight
of which you can upgrade the base
configuration also has a one terabyte
hard drive 7200 rpm it's pretty standard
hard drive speeds but you can always
swap it out and there's room for a
second drive in there using the m2 PCIe
slot the screen is pretty rigid because
of that aluminum panel the chassis has
some flex it's more noticeable up top
above the keyboard but on the actual
keyboard itself and the palm rest area
is pretty rigid the hinge tension is
good one-hand open a bowl and the
mechanism feels smooth and it's well
built overall build quality is good
finger prints show a little on the
aluminum top surface but the brush
pattern kind of masks it and then on the
plastic inside and the bottom finger
prints don't show it all four ports we
have an Ethernet jack video outputs one
USB C 3 USB 3s an SD card and an audio
jack the u.s. PC port is not vulnerable
3 if we take a look at the back you can
also see the exhaust vents and the fins
of the heatsink are also that bright
orange color on the inside of the laptop
the material has a brushed finish to it
it's plastic but it looks and feels a
lot like the aluminum top surface the
keyboard has that number pad layout so
if you're new to these you'll need a
couple days to get used to the
positioning because everything is kind
of shifted over to the left but once
you're used to it it's a good
keyboard one point six millimeters
travel read backlighting orange WASD
Keys the trackpad has a nice texture to
it
I think it's plastic but it feels like
glass and since it uses Windows drivers
like native windows drivers instead of
third-party ones tracking and gestures
work really nicely the button mechanism
also works nicely I had no issues
clicking around the speakers are on the
side they're also bright orange and they
look really small but they get loud and
they sound good just wish there was more
bass they sound a lot like the GL 5 v 2
speakers the screen on this one is a
1080p non touch IPS panel it also comes
in a 4k option but this panel is really
good it's pretty bright at 310 it's
matte finish to reduce glare no
significant light bleed good contrast
good viewing angles and good color
accuracy it's actually a very solid
screen 720p webcam is okay image doesn't
look super special or anything
performance is great it's a 970m with a
skylight quad core i7 it's got the same
configuration as a new razor blade and
it plays games really nicely light games
will break 60 frames per second even on
ultra graphic settings so something like
Street Fighter 5 a game which I wish how
is so much better at runs at really good
frame rates they actually use Asus
monitors at the big Street Fighter 5
tournaments that was kind of cool now
moderate titles need reduced graphics
settings to keep that frame rate so
something like overwatch you'll have to
drop it down to high graphics to keep it
at over 60 frames if you want to play at
Ultra or epic it's going to dip below
and for heavier titles well it depends
on the game but you'll have to reduce
the graphics quality to hit 60 frames
but it can basically play any modern
title with nice looking graphics and
video editing is also no problem on the
GL 5:02 because of that second drive
slot fan noise at idle is quiet and even
under load it's not as loud as I thought
it would be but the temperatures are a
little bit hot now I'm not sure if the
reading I'm getting here is higher
because of the position of the CPU like
maybe the heatsink is directly
underneath the plastic here because the
CPU and GPU temperatures look totally
normal when I'm running benchmarks and
there's no CPU throttling it's just
pretty warm in this spot right here the
power adapter is 180 watts the battery
lasts around three and a half hours of
regular use and about
one and a half hours of gaming okay the
ACS GL 5:02 starts at $1,400 it has a
slim polycarbonate chassis good build
quality the 1080p panel is pretty color
accurate and it's great for gaming and
content creation the backlit keyboard
trackpad and the speakers are all pretty
good actually the trackpad I would call
very good because of the native drivers
inside the i7 skylake chip and the gtx
970m are powerful but the temperatures
on load can get pretty hot the 16 gigs
of ram and both storage locations are
easily accessible and upgradable and
then powering this is a 64 watt hour
battery that gets around three and a
half hours of battery life now if you're
looking at the GL 5:02 you're probably
looking at its competitors but they're
not that many of them the one that does
come to mind is the MSI GSC so it's also
thin and light and it also has a gtx
970m
how do you choose between the two the GS
60 I think its advantages are a better
keyboard a slightly cooler system and a
thinner chassis so it's the same length
and width but four millimeters thinner
so if that matters to you get that if
you're looking at the 5-0 - its
advantages are I better screen a quieter
system because it runs a little bit
warmer and also a longer battery life so
really you can't go wrong with either of
them I think they're both fantastic I
personally like the GL 5 sr 2 a little
bit more that's the end of this video
hope you guys liked it thumbs have you
liked it subs if you loved it it's been
nice see you guys next time
you